#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.5.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.1
    # via optuna
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
attrs==25.1.0
    # via aiohttp
av==14.2.0
    # via faster-whisper
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via typer
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via submitit
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
ctranslate2==4.3.1
    # via faster-whisper
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
demucs==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
dora-search==0.1.12
    # via demucs
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   demucs
    #   pyannote-audio
faster-whisper==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.2.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
huggingface-hub==0.29.2
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via
    #   demucs
    #   torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lameenc==1.8.1
    # via demucs
lightning==2.5.0.post0
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.13.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   contourpy
    #   ctranslate2
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   openunmix
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   dora-search
    #   pyannote-audio
onnxruntime==1.20.1
    # via faster-whisper
openunmix==1.3.0
    # via demucs
optuna==4.2.1
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboardx
pyannote-audio==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.0.post0
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ctranslate2
    #   demucs
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
requests==2.32.3
    # via huggingface-hub
retrying==1.3.4
    # via dora-search
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   typer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via speechbrain
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via pyannote-audio
speechbrain==1.0.2
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
submitit==1.5.2
    # via dora-search
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via pyannote-audio
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via faster-whisper
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   demucs
    #   dora-search
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   openunmix
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   demucs
    #   openunmix
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==1.6.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   demucs
    #   faster-whisper
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   openunmix
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
treetable==0.2.5
    # via dora-search
typer==0.15.2
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   submitit
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
yt-dlp==2025.2.19
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
